hello guys I'll make it move the middle
of that how to boom a rocket ship in
Minecraft 1.8 point for so first you
want to go to like make a new wild i
would say and creative cancel Chris let
me just pause this for a second I'll
make the pot I didn't pause it pop hey
guys I know okay guys i know i'm i'm not
i'm not done but just a minute let me
closet again hey guys I'm back and it's
getting here it's making the world right
here okay so this actually was a good
well pretty easy so just find squat
space uh so
lima and well
I with Amy and we need a span cap okay
sorry but that will be closed doors okay
that's a little better shop first what
you want to do is put a regular piston
facing up you can put three blocks lines
then put another one then put 02 mmm one
of those and put a slide walk goes here
make a platform with four blocks four
blocks so I do it then you wanna do is
we actually eat
Clinton's yeah so is where you want to
do break the ball under the second
pistol and break the block on top of the
second piston to then do is put a sticky
piston facing down under second one in
the first in the first one we up a book
the first one box move up that ring on
you is to put one there right next
fishing put on their way on that piston
and put a so I walk right in front of it
is that it let me see I think that's it
wait yeah I think that's it then put cow
you're not gonna cow oh it's gonna be as
a pilot then put the fire and steel
right next to it and there you go you
got your rocket ship and I I hope the
cow doesn't fall doesn't go all the way
to off Oh what it made it fire does it
go all the way to us let me get that
last year oh dear I hope it well what oh
my god I'll get that
okay wait let me just get my headphones
on oh thank you can hear around yeah
sorry about that now I don't think you
can hear the dogs maybe you can hear me
before why is that cattle so funky south
bump there oh gosh this council okay oh
my gosh what is this cow thinking why
does not he drop back into the water
there is water he knows that I died and
he never why isn't making a bunch of
blocks it's not supposed to do that see
where it's gonna stop right here let's
knock the cow nope ah this tender video
bad not yet